amo	amare	amavi	amatum	love
cogito	cogitare	cogitavi	cogitatum	consider
debeo	debere	debui	debitum	ought, hesitate
do	dare	dedi	datum	give
erro	errare	erravi	erratum	wander
laudo	laudare	laudavi	laudatum	praise
moneo	monere	monui	monitum	warn
salveo	salvere	-	-	be well
servo	servare	servavi	servatum	preserve
conservo	conservare	conservavi	conservatum	conserve
terreo	terrere	terrui	territum	frighten
valeo	valere	valui	valiturum	be strong
video	videre	vidi	visum	see
voco	vocare	vocavi	vocatum	call
habeo	habere	habui	SUPhabitum	have, hold
satio	satiare	satiavi	satiatum	satisfy
iuvo	iuvare	iuvi	iutum	help
ceno	cenare	cenavi	cenatum	dine
culpo	culpare	culpavi	culpatum	blame
maneo	manere	mansi	mansum	remain
supero	superare	superavi	superatum	surpass
possum	posse	potui	-	be able
tolero	tolerare	toleravi	toleratum	tolerate
audeo	audere	ausus sum	-	dare
neco	necare	necavi	necatum	kill
ago	agere	egi	actum	do
demonstro	demonstrare	demonstravi	demonstratum	demonstrate
disco	discere	didici	-	learn
doceo	docere	docui	SUP?doctum	teach
duco	ducere	duxi	ductum	lead
gero	gerere	gessi	gestum	accomplish
scribo	scribere	scripsi	scriptum	write
traho	trahere	traxi	tractum	drag
vinco	vincere	vici	victum	conquer
audio	audire	audivi	auditum	hear
capio	capere	cepi	captum	seize
dico	dicere	dixi	dictum	speak
facio	facere	feci	factum	make
fugio	fugere	fugi	fugiturum	flee
venio	venire	veni	ventum	come
invenio	invenire	inveni	inventum	find
vivo	vivere	vixi	victum	live
intellego	intellegere	intellexi	intellectum	understand
mitto	mittere	misi	missum	send
sentio	sentire	sensi	sensum	sense
amitto	amittere	amisi	amissum	lose
cado	cadere	cecidi	cas(ur)um	fall
creo	creare	creavi	creatum	create
alo	alere	alui	altum	nourish
diligo	diligere	dilexi	dilectum	esteem
iungo	iungere	iunxi	iunctum	join
sto	stare	steti	statum	stand
appello	appellare	appellavi	appellatum	call (name)
curro	currere	cucurri	cursum	run
muto	mutare	mutavi	mutatum	change
teneo	tenere	tenui	tentum	hold
vito	vitare	vitavi	vitatum	avoid
committo	committere	commisi	commissum	entrust
exspecto	exspectare	exspectavi	exspectatum	wait for
iacio	iacere	ieci	iectum	throw, hurl
eicio	eicere	eieci	eiectum	throw out
timeo	timere	timui	-	be afraid
rego	regere	rexi	rectum	rule
admitto	admittere	admisi	admissum	receive
-	coepisse	coepi	coeptum	began
cupio	cupere	cupivi	cupitum	desire
deleo	delere	delevi	deletum	erase
desidero	desiderare	desideravi	desideratum	desire
incipio	incipere	incepi	inceptum	begin
navigo	navigare	navigavi	navigatum	navigate
neglego	neglegere	neglexi	neglectum	neglect
recito	recitare	recitavi	recitatum	recite
fluo	fluere	fluxi	fluxum	flow
lego	legere	legi	lectum	choose, read
misceo	miscere	miscui	mixtum	mix
moveo	movere	movi	motum	move
videor	videri	visus sum	-	seem
delecto	delectare	delectavi	delectatum	please
libero	liberare	liberavi	liberatum	free/liberate
paro	parare	paravi	paratum	prepare
careo	carere	carui	cariturum	be free (from)
defendo	defendere	defendi	defensum	defend/protect
discedo	discedere	discessi	discessum	depart
-	odisse	odi	os(ur)um	hate
prohibeo	prohibere	prohibui	SUPprohibitum	prevent/hinder/restrain/prohibit
pronuntio	pronuntiare	pronuntiavi	pronuntiatum	proclaim
contineo	continere	continui	contentum	contain/restrain
iubeo	iubere	iussi	iussum	order
laboro	laborare	laboravi	laboratum	labor/work
relinquo	relinquere	reliqui	relictum	leave
scio	scire	scivi	scitum	know
tango	tangere	tetigi	tactum	touch
cerno	cernere	crevi	cretum	discern
eripio	eripere	eripui	ereptum	snatch away
inquit	-	-	-	he said
tollo	tollere	sustuli	sublatum	lift, destroy
educo	educare	educavi	educatum	educate
gaudeo	gaudere	gavisus sum	-	rejoice
ostendo	ostendere	ostendi	ostentum	display
peto	petere	petivi	petitum	aim at, attack
premo	premere	pressi	pressum	press
opprimo	opprimere	oppressi	oppressum	suppress
verto	vertere	verti	versum	turn, change
accipio	accipere	accepi	acceptum	accept
excipio	excipere	excepi	exceptum	capture
recipio	recipere	recepi	receptum	take back
pello	pellere	pepuli	pulsum	strike
expello	expellere	expuli	expulsum	drive out
narro	narrare	narravi	narratum	report
quaero	quaerere	quaesivi	quaesitum	look for
rideo	ridere	risi	risum	laugh
ait/aiunt	-	-	-	he says
credo	credere	credidi	creditum	believe/trust
iaceo	iacere	iacui	SUPiacitum	lie
nego	negare	negavi	negatum	deny
nescio	nescire	nescivi	nescitum	be ignorant
nuntio	nuntiare	nuntiavi	nuntiatum	report
patefacio	patefacere	patefeci	patefactum	open/disclose
puto	putare	putavi	putatum	clean/think
spero	sperare	speravi	speratum	hope
suscipio	suscipere	suscepi	susceptum	undertake
invito	invitare	invitavi	invitatum	invite
pono	ponere	posui	positum	place
probo	probare	probavi	probatum	approve
cedo	cedere	cessi	cessum	go/submit
dedico	dedicare	dedicavi	dedicatum	dedicate
egeo	egere	egui	-	need/lack
expleo	explere	explevi	expletum	fill
praesto	praestare	praestiti	SUPpraestitum	excel
taceo	tacere	tacui	tacitum	be silent
condo	condere	condidi	conditum	establish
contendo	contendere	contendi	contenditum	strive, hasten
mollio	mollire	mollivi	mollitum	soften
pugno	pugnare	pugnavi	pugnatum	fight
respondeo	respondere	respondi	responsum	answer
surgo	surgere	surrexi	surrectum	arise
bibo	bibere	bibi	SUPbibitum	drink
cognosco	cognoscere	cognovi	cognitum	recognize
comprehendo	comprehendere	comprehendi	comprehensum	understand
consumo	consumere	consumpsi	consumptum	consume
dubito	dubitare	dubitavi	dubitatum	doubt, hesitate
expono	exponere	exposui	expositum	set forth/expose
minuo	minuere	minui	minutum	diminish
rogo	rogare	rogavi	rogatum	ask
nosco	noscere	novi	notus	know
-	meminisse	memini	-	remember